docs: Add where to look for logs (#12634)
Scille/parsec-cloud: docs/userguide/troubleshooting/where_to_find_log_files.rst

.. Parsec Cloud (https://parsec.cloud) Copyright (c) BUSL-1.1 2016-present Scille SAS

.. _doc_userguide_troubleshooting_where_to_find_log_files:

Where to find log

> -----------------

Reviewer: nit: I would use `Where to find log files` or `Where to find Parsec logs`

Accessing log from the application

> ==================================

Reviewer: nit
```suggestion
Accessing logs from Parsec
==========================
```

> Accessing log when not logged to an organization

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Accessing logs when not logged-in to an organization
```

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

1. Open the ``Settings`` menu
2. In the ``Configuration`` section, you have the entry ``Logs``
3. Click on ``View logs`` button on that entry

> Accessing log when logged to an organization

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Accessing logs when logged-in to an organization
```

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

1. Click on your username (top right)
2. Select ``Settings``
3. In the ``Configuration`` section, you have the entry ``Logs``
4. Click on ``View logs`` button on that entry

> Where log files are stored

Reviewer: nit
```suggestion
Log files locations
```

+-----------------+-------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------+
| MacOS           | ``~/Library/Logs/parsec/main.log``                          | ``~/Library/Application Support/parsec3/libparsec/libparsec.log`` |
+-----------------+-------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Linux           | ``$XDG_CONFIG_HOME/parsec3/app/logs/main.log``              | ``$XDG_CONFIG_HOME/parsec3/libparsec/libparsec.log``              |
+-----------------+-------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Linux with Snap | ``~/snap/parsec/current/.config/parsec3/app/logs/main.log`` | ``$XDG_CONFIG_HOME/parsec3/libparsec/libparsec.log``              |
+-----------------+-------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------+

.. note::

  For libparsec logs, the file path is affected by the environment variable ``PARSEC_RUST_LOG_FILE``.

.. note::

>   On linux, if ``XDG_CONFIG_HOME`` environment variable is not defined, replace it by ``~/.config``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  On Linux, if ``XDG_CONFIG_HOME`` environment variable is not defined, you can use ``~/.config`` instead.
```
